the company hp has created an ultrabook
transformer which is her statement
is the best combination of abundant
sweat and tablet new hp envy x2
designed standard for this type
device form factor
This is a tablet with a diagonal of 11.6 inches
connectable docking station as a keyboard
and typical intel-based configuration
atom with windows 8 on board
what is the difference and stands out our
today's hero from a variety
classmates
the device looks very reliable
monolithic solid despite
folding design
all external surfaces of the transformer
plated like imposing
type of attachment for the tablet
similar thoroughness right there
reflected on the mass device in full
it weighs almost one and a half
kilogram
For an ultrabook, this is quite a lot
the tablet itself weighs 700 grams what
the whole structure is also not small
looks a bit plump
hp envy x2 made in style
common to all models included in this
premium ruler rounded corners
smooth contours and traditional black with
silver
elegant noble on the case seems
there is not a single sharp angle everything is smoothed
even the power button is licked
lock and rocker adjustment
loudness made flush with the case
only the bottom of the tablet is made
exactly and for ease of installation in debt
there we see the only ones on the tablet
headphone jacks
joining tablets docking stations
proprietary connector and card slot
micro sd on the front panel all
Standard screen occupies almost
the whole surface is quite wide
frame around it is located under it
touch key start and see from above
pupil front camera sensors
approximation and lighting and stereo microphone
bottom with a thin stripe with
decorative mesh settled down
speaker system on
the back side is placed a small
island with a main 8-megapixel
camera and LED flash and on
centered company logo hinge using
which mounts for tablet
connected to the docking station enough
tight and also does not allow to open
laptop wide enough
especially if you work with him on your lap
In addition, in this mode of operation, the tablet
often outweighs the base and the whole
construction collapses when working for
the table is different two rubber
inserts on the mount securely hold
the design and the keyboard rises
above the surface doing work with text
very comfortable tablet held in
dock with lock
but in order to remove it you need
move special lever
all very simple docking station hp envy x2
gives the user remember
keyboard and touchpad interface set
the lack of connectors is felt on
the tablet itself is placed on the left side
headphone jack port yusb 2.0 and
hdmi video output on the right sd card slot
one more usb 2.0 and proprietary connector
to connect the charger
manufacturers have long abandoned
inventing under each taken separately
device new keyboard or touchpad
unify them for individual linear
this model is set to standard
keyboard without number pad and
highlighting a man with big hands she
may seem a little cramped
keystroke die long typing
Convenient triggering clear
the touchpad is set in a small notch on
under the palm surface it has
medium size
recognizes multiple touch and
supports special gestures for
control in the environment of windows 8 hp matrix
envy x2 made by technology and ps
providing excellent viewing angles and
excellent picture quality
panel diagonal is 11.6 inches
with a standard resolution of 1366 by 768
pixel display is covered with protective glass
and does not have an oleophobic coating due
which pair gets dirty very quickly
speakers gives out a decent sound like
for a tablet to listen to music, I would with their
I didn’t help but see the movie
it is quite possible to reserve enough volume
large high and medium frequencies the body is not
scored and with the low did not work
to help acoustics help special
utility pets
audio
hp envy x2 are available in
single configuration
dual core intel atom z 2760 with
clock frequency of 1 and 8 gigahertz two
gigabytes of ram and
32 gigabyte storage
you can expand it using cards
memory benefits in the presence of two slots
communication provide the module Wi-Fi 802 11g
n and bluetooth 4.0
system performance compared
with ultrabooks of course much lower
However, the main task of such devices
provide an opportunity to travel
mode, process texts or execute
other basic functions providing
this high autonomy
and with this the model copes on
all 100 percent autonomy hp envy
x2 is impressive
two batteries are installed in the tablet and
docking station has a total capacity of 48
watt hours 22 and 26 here are hours
respectively in read mode with
dimmed display brightness and
off wireless modules
the transformer worked for almost 14 hours
the tablet itself is able to withstand
up to 7 hours of work without recharging
same mode
close to this result we observed
only in lenovo tablet 2
main camera mounted on the back
side of the tablet as already mentioned
8 megapixels autofocus and
LED backlight from settings
adjustment of brightness and contrast is available
and the actual snapshot size is maximum
photo resolution is 3264
2448 camera also supports shooting
full hd video clips
The pictures are quite good, but with
There is a lack of sharpness in the approach
will come down if you need something urgent to remove
and the camera is not at hand; no kitchen lead
packard turned out very successful trance
form a bright high-quality comfortable with
excellent autonomy and superb
display for all this fun of course
have to pay
This model is one of the most
expensive devices in its class
which lubricates the overall impression a bit
but if you are ready to give a tidy
the amount for quality comfort hp envy x2
will be an excellent choice